c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutConsoleTest.dll.config
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutConsoleTest.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutConsoleTest.pdb
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutSupport.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\NinjaTurtles.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutSupport.pdb
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.xml
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\NinjaTurtles.xml
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\obj\Debug\CheckoutConsoleTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\obj\Debug\CheckoutConsoleTest.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\obj\Debug\CheckoutConsoleTest.pdb
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutUtils.dll
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\CheckoutUtils.pdb
c:\users\macbook air\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CheckoutConsole\CheckoutConsoleTest\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
